>> Jen Kramer: And if you scroll
on down here to the forms portion,
this is item number six forms,
that is what we're doing today.
And here on this webpage are all the files
that you're gonna need to follow along.
So go ahead and find that link there where
it says download the zip of the files.
Go ahead and click that.
>> Jen Kramer: That's
gonna put you onto GitHub.
Look for the button here that says
download, click the download button.
That's gonna go ahead and
download those forms files for you.
Those are usually put into
your downloads directory,
wherever that happens
to be on your computer.
Drag that to your desktop.
>> Jen Kramer: Double click on it and
order to try and zip it.
And you'll have everything you need
to follow along today, all right?
Just like we did yesterday, so
click on the link for the zip file,
download it,
>> Jen Kramer: Once you've downloaded it,
drag it onto your desktop, unzip it, and
you have all the files that are there and
ready to go.
Then what we're going to do,
is we're gonna go to open up our VS code.
>> Jen Kramer: And
we're gonna go ahead and
drag our forms folder on top of VS code.
>> Jen Kramer: And that's gonna go
ahead and open up our new site and
there's two folders inside of
the one that you downloaded.
One is called begin and one is called end.
And shockingly begin is
the beginning state and
end is what we're gonna be coding today.
When you're all done,
that's where all of those files are.
So you can refer to those if you need to.
So go on ahead and
open up the begin folder and forms.html.
All right, so go on ahead and
open up forms.html.
>> Jen Kramer: And
you'll see that I have gone ahead and
giving you a starting state here for
your form.
And we'll go ahead and
put on our word wrap.
>> Jen Kramer: And we'll go on ahead and
also open up forms.css.
Remember if you right click or
command click, over there,
on forms.css you can say
open to the side and
get the two columns here next to each
other and then I'm going to turn off,
my far left column, the explorer column,
with that icon at the top.
Get rid of that.
Make sure I got my word wrapping
on over here on my CSS.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
So I've given you a little bit
of HTML to start with here.
Okay.
Just a little bit and
over here on this side under CSS,
we have a little bit of
CSS to start us off and
if you go head and just open that up and
your default browser.
>> Jen Kramer: Here is our beginning form.
>> Jen Kramer: We are making
an alien abduction form,
kind of goes with the blog
that we built yesterday.
All right, so
you can order up an alien abduction.
All right, so as always, we're going to be
following along with our notes here today.
And just as always inside of the notes for
today's lesson, there's a whole bunch
of stuff here that you can refer to.
This is how we're gonna
go about coding the form.
We're gonna be putting in a lot of
these different input types and so
forth as we code the form.
And so
if you get lost anywhere along the way, or
you need additional help, you can look
here to get that additional help.
All right, so let's go ahead and
get started here in our form.
>> Jen Kramer: One thing that's gonna be
useful here to work with this code today,
remember how VS code has
got that closing tag thing,
you start to type a tag and
it puts in a closing tag.
Okay, so for
Mac people go under the code menu,
look at preferences, and
then we're going to go to settings.
For Windows people, under file,
then preferences, then settings,
and you'll go to the same place.
So this is going to show
us the settings here.
>> Jen Kramer: So under your settings,
if you type in the top box on the top,
you type in auto-closing tags, and
you have the user settings selected, this
is gonna pull up a whole list of stuff.
And at the top here, where it says HTML,
it says auto-closing tags.
That's where that like you
type in a paragraph and
it immediately puts in slash P after it,
this is gonna turn that off, I think it'll
make our life a little easier today,
so just go on ahead and turn that off.
Later on, if you wanna change this back,
you're more than welcome to do so,
just go on ahead and open up your settings
again, do exactly the same thing,
say auto closing tags and
then recheck the box, and
that will re-enable that
particular feature.
I don't think there's a save or
anything to click, just go ahead and
close that tab when you're done.